# CS-305
I. Artemis Financial is a financial firm that is looking to moderninze their operations and use the most recent and effective software security. The company already has a RESTful web API and is seeking my company, Global Rain, to help them achieve their goals, which were mainly to update their current systems to be more secure for their users.
II. One thing I did well when I found the clients software security vulnerabilities was identify them and provide suggestions. It is important to code securely because any amount of code that is insecure or vulnerable is a target for hackers. In this case, it was paramount that the users information stay secure, as the company deals with users financial detail and their money. The value that software security add to a company's overall well-being is that of peace of mind. When the users, both the customers and employees, data are safe and secure, customers are more likely to choose their business because they can sleep well at night without having to worry about their personal details or financial information getting into the hands of nefarious individuals.
III. The most challenging portion of the vulnerability assessment for me was just learning what to look for and how to solve the issues. However, once I got the hang of it, that sort of thing became second nature to me.
IV. I increased layers of security by implementing hash functions, HTTPS, and checksum verification. In the future, I would probably use vulnerability and dependency checking programs to save me a lot of time and effort, while still supplying myself with the proper and necessary information to successfully create secure code.
V. I made certain that the code and software application were functional and secure by first conducting unit, static, and dynamic tests on the code, as well as running automated vulnerability checkers. After refactoring the code, I mainly used input verification tests on top of the same sort of unit tests that I had performed before refactoring the code, ensuring that each feature worked as intended without adding any more vulnerabilities.
VI. The resources, tools, and coding practices that I used that might be helpful in the future was the official documentation for the different APIs and functions I used, as well as researching the resources provided within the unit materials. In the future, I will continue to read the official documentation in order to gain a substantial understanding of the code I am writing.
VII. In the future, I will show employers that I am able to successfully identify and solve vulnerability issues, assuring them that I am capable of creating secure and sound software.
